* `example_commands.txt`: example commands for jittering one chain in a protein-protein interface relative to another, scoring jitters with the "beta_soft" energy function, input arguments for relaxing structures using Rosetta@Home, and repacking sidechains of interface residues in the dualoptE protocol.
* `jitter_binder.py`: Python script for jittering
* `relax_interface_of_chainA.xml`, `relax_interface_of_chainB.xml`, and `relax_interface_of_complex.xml`: RosettaScripts XML files defining the protocol for using FastRelax to relax interface residues of input structures, with one script each for: relaxing both protein chains from the interface, relaxing only chain A (after deleting chain B) or relaxing only chain B (after deleting chain A). We use these XMLs as input files for performing the relax protocols using Rosetta@Home, as described in the `example_commands.txt` file.
* `ddg_score_files/`: files with ddG and RMSD values of structures used to compute Boltzman-weighted discrimination scores for each energy landscape used to validate energy-function performance (these landscapes were withheld from training). These files specifically report data for the 150 low-energy structures sampled across RMSD bins, as described in the paper. There is one subdirectory for each energy function (beta_nov16 or beta_jan25). Within each subdirectory, there is one score file for each energy landscape named using the four-letter PDB code of the starting crystal structure associated with the landscape. Within each subdirectory, there is also a file called `docking_result.sc`, the first line of which reports the average Boltzman-weighted discrimination score across all landscapes in the subdirectory (left-most number). The subsequent lines report discrimination scores for individual landscapes, with the left column reporting the name of the starting crysal structure (see the file basename) and the right column reporting the score. 
* `dualoptE_decoys/`: Rosetta silent files encoding PDBs of structures used in dualoptE to train the beta_jan25 energy function. For each landscape, there is one silent file with structures of full complexes, one file with just chain A, and one file with just chain B. Note: this directory contains silent files for structures used in both training and validation. The dualoptE protocol only used structures in the training set (see `structures_used_in_training.txt`). 
* `repack_interface.xml`: RosettaScripts XML to repack structures in dualoptE protocol.
